all right I got a request from Alexander
or as Howard Zinn's right I don't know
how to pronounce tonight so forgive me
but he requested me to do a hair and
makeup tutorial so that's what I'm here
to do today but before I do that this is
a shout out to my really good friend
Hannah London a really shitty day today
I wish I can of hairspray doesn't matter
what brand what country and spray the
bed from underneath to continue cleaned
out okay all you have to do what you
roll under literally
it's a freaking miracle now it's time to
drive meet up and lime jennamarbles eggs
time to abuse that hair that was not
good for me okay so I've got a black
smoky eye death and I'll show you how to
deal with this milestone so the first
step in doing this is using an eye
primer or base and I'm using signature I
don't have all my brushes with me
do you really just work for the
integrated space like this you can round
it a lot more later right now you just
think that a cliche
then with the same brush I'm using a
great regular line and I'm filling in
everything underneath make them line
somewhere my black side of it lots of
gray just fill it in and then once you
get the gray down it makes the same
brush for the same color with black
black over the gray white color I've got
white on the really make sure you get a
thick white frosty color
and you kind of want in triangular shape
and the shadow will just brush it out on
the white they got in there and you can
touch up the black give me two I've got
some white here just touch it up did you
meet him then I'm using this very small
thin brush I know the focus is like that
it's a very small thin brush I'm using
the same black often my shadow and I'm
using it as eyeliner I mix it just like
you would until you get your idea and I
need your eyelash curler mascara or fake
eyelashes I prefer mascara honestly like
my house
and I'm using non waterproof colossal
volume Express Maybelline and bare
mineral flawless definition Behrman
Milan even if you can see that but you
put this on it moving on to the eyebrow
get a brush like this just for grooming
I'll rock I'll brush it straight back
really gonna grind and then really my
color
no just feeling feelings faces you don't
have one of these brushes definitely go
get them very good you can use this
eyelashes just got my eyebrow and then I
get a fluffy brush fill it with water
not a very large it really makes your
eyes pop and you can see got into flat
easy fix get more black than your brush
and fill in the spaces and stuff I use
Mary Kay liquid foundation and bare
minerals powder its 1g light as the name
of it and the two they complement each
other very well makes a very good even
nice skin color I think and of course
you need lip color I'm using this very
light pink color it's a very shiny pink
used to my face you can see the blood by
lip